----------------------  foldingathome.org Software License ---------------------
Copyright 2001-2020. foldingathome.org. All Rights Reserved.

License Agreement:

Please carefully read the following terms and conditions before using this
software. Use of this software indicates acceptance of this license agreement
and disclaimer of all warranties.

For the purposes of this agreement, foldingathome.org refers to the collection
institutions contributing to the Folding@home project.

Disclaimer of Warranty:

IN NO EVENT SHALL FOLDINGATHOME.ORG BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF FOLDINGATHOME.ORG
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FOLDINGATHOME.ORG SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE SOFTWARE AND ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED
HEREUNDER IS PROVIDED "AS IS". FOLDINGATHOME.ORG HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE
MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.

Restrictions:

You may use this software on a computer system only if you own the system or
have the written permission of the owner.

You may not alter the software or associated data files.

You may only use unmodified versions of the foldingathome.org software obtained
through authorized distributors to connect to the foldingathome.org servers. Use
of other software to connect to the foldingathome.org servers is strictly
prohibited. This prohibition includes 3rd party installers which download
directly from foldingathome.org web sites, unless written permission is granted
from foldingathome.org.

Distribution of this software is prohibited. It may only be obtained by
downloading from foldingathome.org (https://foldingathome.org and pages linked
therein) or the web site of one of our commercial partners (NVIDIA and AMD).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
